Add compression tools to docs (#1395)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/external-code/pdf-codes.md

general information about PDF evolution and the DGLAP equations, you can go to the [Theory
section](dglap.md).

## PDF compression

> In order to maintain the faithfulness of released NNPDF grids, while keeping a reasonable number of replicas,
> a PDF set with 1000 replicas is generated and then compressed to a set of 100 replicas.

Reviewer: The wording here could be more general

```suggestion
PDF compression seeks to maintain the statistical accuracy of a large sample of replicas
produced by a fit when using a PDF set with a smaller number of replicas (and thus fewer 
convolutions required to compute cross sections with PDF uncertainties). For example the 
main published PDFs are typically based on a 1000 replica fit, which can then be compressed to 
around a 100 replicas while maintaining good accuracy of most relevant statistical estimators.
```
